docs: kafka connect concepts for overview (#5504)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/assemblies/overview/assembly-kafka-connect-components.adoc

// This assembly is included in:
//
// overview/overview.adoc

[id="kafka-connect-components_{context}"]
= About Kafka Connect

[role="_abstract"]
Kafka Connect is an integration toolkit for streaming data between Kafka brokers and other systems.
The other system is typically an external data source or target, such as a database.
Kafka Connect runs connector instances to connect Kafka to other systems.
Connector instances provide the pipeline for copying data to and from Kafka.

> Connector plugins allow you to configure the implementation required for the connector instances.

Author: This is the abstract for the section that describes Kafka Connect components.
I'm trying not to repeat what we talk about later, but it now reads;

> [role="_abstract"]
> Kafka Connect is an integration toolkit for streaming data between Kafka brokers and other systems.
> The other system is typically an external data source or target, such as a database.
> 
> Connector plugins allow you to configure the implementation required for connecting to a specific type of external system. Kafka Connect creates instances of connector plugins from the configuration provided. Connector instances define a set of tasks to move data between systems.
> 
> A Kafka Connect cluster comprises a group of workers. Workers perform the work to move data. A single worker instantiates a connector, but tasks are distributed across the group. Distribution across workers creates highly scalable pipelines.
> 
> Workers convert data into the correct format for the target system. Depending on the configuration of the connector instance, workers might also apply transforms. Transforms adjust messages, such as filtering certain data, before they are converted.

MirrorMaker 2.0 also uses the Kafka Connect framework.
Specialized connectors manage data replication between source and target Kafka clusters.

[role="_additional-resources"]

> .Additional resources

Author: If I do it that way, the references separate from the assembly and we get as screenshot below. I think I prefer not to have _additional resources_ in the assembly. I've moved the note on MM2 and the links to the _Kafka Connect concepts_ section instead. 

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/47596553/132457604-f725365c-32e3-4d73-a4c9-6cb601896ee6.png)

// This assembly is included in:
//
// overview/overview.adoc

[id="kafka-connect-components_{context}"]
= About Kafka Connect

[role="_abstract"]
Kafka Connect is an integration toolkit for streaming data between Kafka brokers and other systems.
The other system is typically an external data source or target, such as a database.

> Connector plugins allow you to configure the implementation required for connecting to a specific type of external system.

Author: Updated so we have this:

> Kafka Connect uses a plugin architecture. 
> Plugins allow connections to other systems and configuration to manipulate data. 
> Plugins can contain a variety of different components, including _connectors_.
> A connector provides the ability to operate with a specific type of external system.
> Kafka Connect creates instances of connectors.
> Connector instances define a set of tasks to move data between systems.

// This assembly is included in:
//
// overview/overview.adoc

[id="kafka-connect-components_{context}"]
= About Kafka Connect

[role="_abstract"]
Kafka Connect is an integration toolkit for streaming data between Kafka brokers and other systems.
The other system is typically an external data source or target, such as a database.

Kafka Connect uses a plugin architecture.
Plugins allow connections to other systems and provide additional configuration to manipulate data.
Plugins include _connectors_ and other components, such as data converters and transforms.
A connector operates with a specific type of external system.
Each connector defines a schema for its configuration.
You supply the configuration to Kafka Connect to create a _connector instance_ within Kafka Connect.
Connector instances define a set of tasks to move data between systems.

Strimzi operates Kafka Connect in _distributed mode_, distributing data streaming tasks across worker pods.
A Kafka Connect cluster comprises a group of worker pods.

> A single worker instantiates a connector, but tasks are distributed across the group.

Author: Changed to:

> A single worker instantiates a connector.
> Each connector comprises one or more tasks that are distributed across the group of workers.

> A single worker instantiates a connector, but tasks are distributed across the group.

Reviewer: I saw this `A single worker instantiates a connector.` on few other places as well, but I'm not sure it will be clear to the users what it means. Technically, one of the workers will be a leader and will create the connector. So I guess this might be technically correct. But without explaining this, I'm not sure what would the user / reader understand under it.

// overview/overview.adoc

[id="kafka-connect-components_{context}"]
= About Kafka Connect

[role="_abstract"]
Kafka Connect is an integration toolkit for streaming data between Kafka brokers and other systems.
The other system is typically an external data source or target, such as a database.

Kafka Connect uses a plugin architecture.
Plugins allow connections to other systems and provide additional configuration to manipulate data.
Plugins include _connectors_ and other components, such as data converters and transforms.
A connector operates with a specific type of external system.
Each connector defines a schema for its configuration.
You supply the configuration to Kafka Connect to create a _connector instance_ within Kafka Connect.
Connector instances define a set of tasks to move data between systems.

Strimzi operates Kafka Connect in _distributed mode_, distributing data streaming tasks across one or more worker pods.
A Kafka Connect cluster comprises a group of worker pods.
A single worker instantiates a connector.
Each connector comprises one or more tasks that are distributed across the group of workers.
Distribution across workers creates highly scalable pipelines.

> Workers convert data into the correct format for the target system.

Reviewer 2: A bit comma-laden, perhaps...

```suggestion
Workers convert data from, or to, the correct format for the source, or target, system.
```

Author: Not sure about _from the correct format_ . How about:
_Workers convert data from one format into another format that's suitable for the source or target system._
